[KAEDE]
Having fun, Syrup?
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[KAEDE laughs]
There. That's better.
Well, what do you think?
I've been working on
controlling my tentacles!
You're doing great.
And obviously you're
enjoying them.
Good for you!
You know, those things
might turn out to be
a useful weapon
in the next event.
And just think.
By that time, all of us
will have found our
monster companions.
Kanade, you've given this
some thought, haven't you?
Yeah, I mostly
provide support, so--
what I'm looking for more than
anything else is versatility.
One with healing powers would
be the best fit for me.
But hey, I'm working on
a pretty long quest,
so I'm sure
something'll turn up.
Surely not all the monsters
are combat-focused.
Naturally, I'm hoping to
find one that would make
production work easier.
Oh, boy.
Finding a monster companion
is pretty complicated
business, huh?
It sure is.
Of course, in our cases, the
perfect companions found us.
Guess we're pretty lucky.
She's right, isn't she, Syrup?
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Once all of us have our
monsters, it'll be much easier
to travel together.
So let's plan to finish
this up today!
I'm gonna take a
look around town.
Hey, that's not a bad idea!
Just in case there are
any quests available.
[KAEDE]
All right! Good luck!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Well, I searched the library
for leads on potential
monster companions, but I
came up pretty much empty.
So I guess I'll just keep
walking around for now.
I feel like I recognize just
about all these faces
from previous visits.
I know that player's
been here before.
I've spotted those two
NPCs at least twice now.
And sure enough,
I know those guys, too.
[BLAZING BRO A] We're gonna need
one full set of healing items,
as well.
I'm pretty sure that's
everything Dread asked for.
Which means we can finally
move on to Drag's list.
Ah! What a magnificent bouquet!
A perfect gift for Frederica!
You'll just get yelled
at for wasting money.
'Course, if you wanna spend
your own, that's on you.
[KANADE]
Huh?
Haven't seen that NPC before.
[KANADE sighs]
I really thought there'd
be something to find.
Just an ordinary house, huh?
Yeah, as if.
Huh? Here we are.
There's something
about these books.
Found you!
Let's see now.
Ooh, a "Mirror Slime"! How cool.
Right. I see.
"Mirror Image," huh?
I know exactly where
I'm supposed to go.
Hope it turns out to be
something along the lines of
what I'm expecting.
Looks like a dead end.
Huh?
Nice try!
Now, Spell Stash!
Interesting. This might be a
bit more difficult I thought.
Magic Fire Bullet!
Voice of the Dead!
Anti-Sorcery Barrier!
Robe of Blessing!
Anti-Magic! Mana Flight!
Power Decay!
Wish I could use it as
enthusiastically as you do!
Firestorm! All Resist!
Summon Decoy!
Breath of Destruction! Divine
Punishment! Gravity Axe!
Hello there!
According to this, all I
have to do is activate
50 spells or skills, and it'll
become my companion. Huh.
I guess that makes sense.
The book did say it was
driven to transform into
other creatures by its
thirst for knowledge.
I bet you're just brimming
with curiosity, aren't you?
Okay, let's get this over with.
Pay attention!
[KANADE]
And that should do it!
Another quest complete! Yes!
Now, let's see your stats.
It's stronger than I thought.
This one time,
I'm happy to be wrong.
From here on out,
your name will be "Sou."
Now, Sou. Mimic!
What's this, now?
Apparently, your skill strength
amounts to half of my own.
Oh, well.
That's not your real value.
Happy to have you, Sou.
[IZ]
Hmm.
Sounds like even the non-rare
monsters are pretty strong.
Hopefully at least one of
them will suit my needs.
"A Recently Discovered
Spirit-Type Monster?"
[IZ]
Hello there!
If you're standing at my door,
you must be seeking out
the power of the spirits.
[IZ]
Mm-hmm.
[BLACKSMITH]
Fine.
You seem to have some degree
of competence, anyway.
Wait here a second.
[IZ] "Three Trials."
So I'm gonna have to boost
the three designated items
to maximum strength.
And, in addition to that,
imbue each of them
with the specified abilities.
That sounds pretty difficult.
[BLACKSMITH] Here. Follow
these instructions carefully.
[IZ] Uh-oh. I don't recognize
any of these items.
The spirits are
quite fickle beings.
Should they agree
to lend you their aid,
you'll be able to accomplish
incredible things.
But first, you'll have
to demonstrate yourself
to be a worthy master.
Understood.
[IZ] These materials are
all high difficulty level.
This could be a struggle
on my own.
[KAEDE]
Hey, Iz! Over here!
[IZ]
Hey there, Maple!
What's up? Recon going well?
Yeah! Mii invited me to
do some leveling up today.
We were actually just
about to head out.
Oh, that's wonderful!
But I guess that means
I can't ask for your help.
[KAEDE]
Really?
You're going after a monster
no one's been able to tame?
I like the sound of that.
Why don't the three
of us go together, huh?
Are you sure, Mii?
Sounds like a pretty
challenging expedition to me,
which means it should
be good for leveling.
And... [chuckles]
As a bonus, I get
to observe members
of a rival guild in action.
Thanks a lot!
Then I guess we can head
out whenever you're ready!
Yeah! Sounds like a plan!
[MII]
Let's get to it.
So what's our first destination?
A volcano.
Looks like it's pretty
far from the city.
Syrup can carry us no problem!
That's one thought, but I
have an even better idea.
Check this out.
Ignis! Awaken!
[KAEDE]
Ah!
Mii, is this your
monster companion?
Guess they modeled it
on the legendary phoenix!
Ah!
It's super cool!
Isn't it, though?
Ignis! Use Megamorph!
It goes so fast!
At this rate, we're gonna
be there in no time.
Hey, you're pretty fired up!
Well, I was excited to
see what you thought. So?
[KAEDE]
It's amazing!
So this is it?
[MII] Don't worry.
I know this place well.
Ignis. Return.
[KAEDE] So um, what is it
we're looking for again?
[IZ] Mostly a bunch of
different ores and plants,
plus one item dropped by
the boss, the Lava Dragon.
Whoa.
There are plants growing
inside a volcano?
I believe it's a red plant
that could be easy to miss.
Let's keep our eyes peeled.
[IZ]
There they are!
This one here,
and that one, and this.
[MII] Monsters could start
showing up any time now.
Watch out.
But Mii, since it's
fire element,
then how well-suited
are you to take them on?
Uh, not very.
But the experience
ratio here is perfect.
Great leveling opportunity.
Let's knock them
out quickly, Ignis!
I'll use Linked Flame!
You're done for!
Loving Sacrifice!
And Syrup, awaken, now!
Deploy Cannon! Right Hand!
Syrup, Spirit Cannon!
Hydra! Commence Attack!
Take that!
They can't compete
with my firepower!
Heavy Fire! Blue Fire!
Oh, wow! That was so impressive!
My turn now! Ha!
[MII] That was a pretty
effective attack.
Of course, it was nothing
compared to your defense.
Yeah, you're right.
And you know,
I've been using Hydra
since I started
playing the game.
Well, don't go
getting any stronger.
You'll leave me
behind completely.
[IZ] Looks like it's
calmed down for now.
So here.
Potions made by yours truly.
To thank you, y'know?
Oh. Amazing.
My MP's fully restored.
What's more, the strength
of my magic attacks
has been boosted.
Are you sure it was okay
for us to use these?
I've never seen effects
like this before.
Like I said,
I crafted them myself,
so I can always make more.
Of course.
You're a member of the
legendary Maple Tree, after all.
I should've realized you
were something special.
I normally play
a supporting role,
so I'm not quite sure how
to take such kind words.
Wait, are we gonna take damage
if we walk across here?
No, there won't be
any terrain damage.
However, the monsters
over there are stronger.
Look!
Loving Sacrifice!
Deploy Armaments!
Ignis, go!
Here I come! Let's go!
Invitation to the Ocean Floor!
[KAEDE yells]
Take that!
That skill works really
well with Devour!
You've done it again, Maple!
It's just a shame
it isn't cuter.
[MII]
Maple! One more blow! Inferno!
Let's try again!
In that case.
[MII]
Even more magic power?
Don't mind if I do!
And Magic Boost!
Ignis! Come to me!
All right. Ignis, Linked Flame!
And Flame!
Ignis! Holy Phoenix Flame!
Crimson Flame!
And finally, Heavy Fire!
Blue Fire!
Thanks so much, both of you!
Let me go retrieve that! Heh!
You did it, Mii!
You were incredible!
Never mind that.
What's the story with
those tentacles?
[KAEDE laughs]
I told you I had something I
wanted to show you, remember?
Well yeah, but somehow
that's not quite
what I was expecting.
I wanted to try it
out on a boss!
Do you think it's a
good finishing move?
Definitely.
Aw, jeez.
Turns out you're not as short
on firepower as I thought.
Well then, I guess...
...I'll have to find
a way to counter it,
so I can take you on in
the next guild competition.
[KAEDE laughs]
I look forward to it!
You know, the other
members of Maple Tree
have gotten a lot stronger, too.
No kidding. Just look at her.
I thought one of the few
things Maple Tree lacked
was a powerful buffer.
Clearly, that was my oversight.
I might even go as far as
to say you guys are unrivaled.
You think?
I have to say, Iz always
comes through for us!
Right. Okay then, what
else do we need to find?
The egg of a monster
bird that nests on a cliff,
ice flower from the
snowy mountains,
venom from a scorpion
that lives among coral
in the ocean, and a
certain kind of hide, too.
That list is really intense.
Yep. So we might as
well attack it head-on.
You're the best!
You mind if we
start with the cliff?
Sure thing. Leave it to us!
[KUROMU grunts]
This quest is longer
than I thought.
It's taken me to ten
different places.
I've gotta be getting
close to the end.
[KUROMU] So this next
stretch is horror themed.
Considering how drawn-out
the quest has been,
I figure I'll get a pretty
strong monster out of it.
Hope it's not a ghost
or undead monster.
Sally would totally freak out.
Sure enough, here they come.
[KUROMU] Ah, looks like
we've got a new one!
Revitalize!
Shield Attack!
With Revitalize active,
I can't be taken down!
I've been trying to
achieve a different kind
of durability than Maple's.
But if all I do is keep
coming back every time
I get killed, then what
difference is there between
me and a zombie?
This must be the boss's lair.
Guard Aura!
So which of us
will be left standing?
Only one way to find out!
[KUROMU]
Flame Slash!
That was easier than expected.
Let's see now.
There's gotta be some treasure
lying around here, right?
[KUROMU]
Oh! Not a bad haul.
Still, there must be
more to it than this.
Huh?
Huh. Well, what do we have here?
Let's put you on
and see what happens.
Huh?
You must be the monster
that's bonded to this ring.
So uh... Armored?
[BLACKSMITH sighs]
Ah.
Excellent work.
You've shown yourself worthy to
receive the aid of the spirits.
[IZ laughs]
Here.
Place this upon your finger
and go stand on that circle.
[FAY]
Fay.
[BLACKSMITH] What you
see before you is a spirit.
The nature of their power
varies depending on
where they're found.
Use the terrain and magic
to your advantage
to skillfully control
those powers.
--[FAY] Fay.
--[IZ] Huh.
So it's kind of like
elemental magic?
Why, hello there!
My name is Iz.
I believe I'll call you Fay.
Nice to meet you, friend!
[FAY]
Fay?
[KAEDE]
Congratulations!
Thanks to you and
Mii helping me out,
I have a wonderful
new friend by my side.
I'm really happy with Sou.
I could tell you
what its skills are,
but I think I'll let it be a
surprise during the next event.
How exciting!
Kuromu? What kind of
monster did you find?
[KUROMU]
Here, I'll show you.
Necro!
Sorry, Sally.
Just try to power through.
I present my companion.
Its name is Necro.
Oh. It's fine.
Nothing to worry
about over here.
So uh, yeah. Necro.
That armor is pretty cool.
[KUROMU]
Oh, that's great!
In that case, I'll show
you what it can do!
Armored!
So yeah.
You look so cool, Kuromu!
[KUROMU]
I know, right?
It gives my durability
a serious boost, too.
I couldn't have asked for
a better partner than this!
Welcome aboard, Necro!
Boys will be boys.
[FAY]
Fay.